URL: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/rec.arts.sf.science/3dGSJGvZgo8
TITLE: Worldbuilding, Fogg, and Accrete 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Monday, 30 March 1998 09:00:00 UTC+1 - Brian Davis:
I've been trying to reproduce Fogg's 'Silicon Creation' program,
and I was wondering if anyone has some further references or advice. For
those of you who don't know, Martyn Fogg's program 'Silicon Creation'
program uses the Dole 'Accrete' method to generate a sample solar
system, and then tries to come up with realistic-looking enviroments for
each planet. There are some popular version of this (try searching under
'accrete' or starform'), but the do not approach Fogg's program.
     Yes, I know the Dole formation model is not physically valid, but
it does generate interesting, realistic-*looking* systems.
Some of my specific questions:

   1) Does anyone know where I could get a copy of the original
      paper by Dole? Not the article in Icarus, but RAND corp. paper
      I have seen referenced but been completely unable to find.
      The versions I've found of Accrete are woefully undocumented,
      and therefore hard to modify.

   2) Fogg used 7 types of atmospheres, but even in Fogg's papers
      these are poorly described (What % of each element? Mentions
      that ammonia and sulfur dioxide can form liquids, but when /
      what conditions?). Is there a better describtion anywhere?

   3) Suggestions on how to modify the Accrete subroutine to simulate
      formation of regular satellite systems in planetary subnebula.
      At least the central dust density and the central luminosity
      need to be defined.

   4) Suggestions on a simple terrestrial climate model (better than
      Hart's, which Fogg originally used)? I'm leaning towards a
      model of Kasting, which included CO2 clouds.

     Any comments or suggestions will be appreciated, and if someone
thinks this appropriate to post to sci.space.science or sci.space.tech,
please feel free. I've been unable to post to this two (moderated)
groups for several months, (I believe due to my provider; I've gotten no
notification from the moderator, so my posts were not rejected due to
content, and my problem appears unrelated to the recent posting
problem). Thank you. 
                                                  -Brian Davis
