Dave Allen
Emails: davea@ll-vlsi.ARPA, davea@vlsi.ll.mit.edu
Places: MIT Lincoln Lab, Lexington, MA | 19-B Dudley St, Arlington, MA 02174
First Archived Msg: Wed, 3 Aug 88 09:10:31 EDT (UNI01)

Background:
My background is in Computer Science and role-playing games.  I've read a lot of journal articles on simulation of star systems and planetary systems.  I
corresponded with a guy in England who had coded some programs (Dole's simulator and Hart's atmosphere simulator) and played with them.

My main interest is in getting a program that generates a lot of detail about a large section of space, including populating them with interesting aliens.
This would be a background generator for a really neato computer role-playing game.

Right now I am trying various ideas related to writing a tectonic simulator.  I want to generate real-looking world maps for hundreds of worlds.  Fractals
don't make it for me because they're too random. Drawing them by hand isn't practical for hundreds of worlds.

Of Interest:
1)   ACCRETE, the planetary accretion simulator, from Dole
1a)  A modification of (1) to allow captured moons, by me
1b)  Another modification of (1) which uses the same accretion engine to produce reasonable moon systems - good matches for Jupiter and Mars, also by me
3 Simulators hosted on his personal website til 2003.

James W. "Jim" Meritt
Emails: jwm@stdc.jhuapl.edu, jwm@aplvax.jhuapl.edu
Places: 1016 Turney Avenue,	Laurel, Md 20707, The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
First Archived Msg: Mon Aug 22 10:43:50 1988 (UNI01)

Background:
I have a BS in marine science, a MS in Operations Research/general Systems Analysis, was a meterologist for a year (sort of) with the Navy Reserve, and have
a stack of references.

Of Interest:
Militant? Atheist, certainly ruffled a few feathers anyway.

Jim Seymour
Emails: qintar@agora.UUCP
Places: Cipher Systems, Inc., P.O. Box 329, North Plains, OR, 97133 | 1308 S.E. Division, Portland, OR, 97202
First Archived Msg: 17 Aug 88 19:10:14 GMT (UNI01)

Background:
I've been GM'ing since 1981 (the first four years with AD&D, more recently with Fantasy Hero) and have designed a world which I am rather proud of. However,
I have never been very fond of the maps I made.  And so, in preparation for a new campaign I am contemplating, I decided to upgrade my maps.  My main
inspiration has been the Harn and Ivinia packages from Columbia Games.  These regional modules are incredibly detailed, highly consistent, and the maps are
*beautiful*.  I would love to have that amount of detail to my world, but have no idea where to begin!

Of Interest:
pretty certain he has a linkedIn Profile.

Tom Wylie
Emails: institut@csli.STANFORD.EDU, wylie@score.stanford.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: 21 Aug 88 04:33:11 GMT (UNI01)

Brett Slocum
Emails: slocum@hi-csc.UUCP
Places:
First Archived Msg: 22 Aug 88 14:43:00 GMT (UNI01)

Of Interest:
pretty certain he has a blog.

Mark Isaak
Emails: isaak@imagen.UUCP
Places: Imagen Corp., Santa Clara, CA
First Archived Msg: 22 Aug 88 17:12:16 GMT (UNI01)

Background:
 My main interests in this list are tectonics, climatology, biological development, and geopolitics.  I have been running and playing an AD&D-type game for
 about a decade, and I would like to get one well-mapped world to run in. My background is computer programming, mainly 2-D graphics.  However, I've always
 been interested in pretty much all sciences, with entomology topping the list.

William David Haas
Emails: dav@eleazar.dartmouth.edu
First Archived Msg: Sun, 28 Aug 88 16:27:46 EDT (UNI03)

Of Interest:
RPG Fan, according to google groups

Stan Shebs
Emails: shebs@apple.com.UUCP
Places: Apple Computer Inc, Cupertino, CA
First Archived Msg: 26 Aug 88 18:28:06 GMT (UNI03)

Of Interest:
pretty certain he has a linkedIn Profile.
a 13-page document describing the basics of a simulator for a universe

Jim Reich
Emails: cthulhu@athena.mit.edu
First Archived Msg: Mon Aug 29 19:57:42 1988 (UNI04)

Of Interest:
pretty certain he has a linkedIn Profile.

James "Jim" Duncan
Emails: duncanj@umd5.umd.edu
Places: University of Maryland, College Park
First Archived Msg: 27 Aug 88 21:16:22 GMT (UNI04)

Of Interest:
I'd like to see a star chart program/ star system program in C or Turbo Pascal. My roommate is writing one for GURPS Space but he is writing it in VERY
NON-PORTABLE Pascal/VS for IBM mainframes. It is mainly for his personal use. Planetary surfaces would also be nice.

Possibly has something to do with gurps now

Sean Malloy
Emails: malloy@nprdc.arpa
Places: Navy Personnel Research & Development Center, San Diego, CA 92152-6800
First Archived Msg: 29 Aug 88 18:51:57 GMT (UNI04)

Of Interest:
Helped implement the random number routines in starform.
a set of programs using UCSD Pascal that would:

	1. Generate a random set of stars for an (I think) 1000 light
	   year cube.

	2. Sort the randomly positioned stars in (x,y,z) order.

	3. Generate star systems for each suitable primary, using the
	   system generation rules in FGU's 'Other Suns' SFRPG, and
	   producing a printout of all of the systems.

	4. Generate a star chart for a specified position from the
	   data generated by program 1, taking into account both
	   distance and absolute magnitude to get relative magnitude.

Mary Kuhner
Emails: jyamato@cory.Berkeley.EDU
Places: University of California, Berkeley
First Archived Msg: 29 Aug 88 18:15:03 GMT (UNI04)

Background:
Here are my interests.  I'm afraid they're only tangentially related to the aims of this mailing list....

Suppose that one has a landscape, either generated by simulation or drawn by hand.  What are the possible patterns of climate and weather?  Where will
deserts, rain forests, plains naturally fall? How is this affected by latitude and other temperature considerations?

Suppose that one has people on this landscape.  What are the patterns of population density to be expected?  That is, if there are x people  in a useable
land area of y, how large will the largest cities likely be?  The average towns?  How many people is too many for a given mode of life?

At what size do small local units start aggregating into larger ones? I have "nations" in my campaign world where loose aggregates of city-states might be
more reasonable, given low population densities.

I'm not interested in simulating history as such.  For me, all the interest and use in history lies in the unique, unexpected human quirks.  Mass  trends
predicatable by psychohistory are background at best.

Of Interest:
Contributed to RPG theory. see Threefold

Ed Barlow
Emails: smile@homxc.att.com
Places: University of California, Berkeley
First Archived Msg: Tue 30 Aug 1988 16:02 EDT (UNI05)

Background:
i have some experience - wrote conquer v3.  Did some wierd smoothing in the conquer code so that a FLAT world would come out pretty good. so, i might even
 have something to add to your efforts, once i figure out what you are doing.

Conrad Wong
Emails: c60c-3ax@wolf.Berkeley.EDU
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 31 Aug 88 14:37:45 PDT (UNI05)

Background:
I've joined this mailing list primarily because I am interested in the idea of a computer-created gaming universe where the computer could assume the place
of DM, possibly meshing pre-created scenes together to form a region.  To this end, I'd like to see information on creating a world (including the discussed
tectonics, climatic modeling, and city growth and spread), populating a world (this is on the more fantastic end -- potential alien races, stages of civion,
interaction between starfaring worlds and between empires on a single world, etc), and universe-to-game conversions (i.e. the average player may
not have access to the volume of information printed out from the "system" program, or such access may not be desirable -- so the computer might tell
him clues and such generated by the system information, such as "You have entered a system governed by a single brilliant blue-white giant.  Your sensors
indicate the presence of six planets orbiting the star system...").

I can't bring too much to this group because I am still relatively uneducated compared to doctorates and professionls -- I am a sophomore at U.C. Berkeley
and plan to enter Computer Science as a major.  I've read a lot of science fiction and played a lot of computer games (I have little experience with RPGs
in face-to-face play, however)...


John Carr
Emails: jfc@ATHENA.MIT.EDU
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 1 Sep 88 02:43:30 EDT (UNI05)

Background:
Specifically, I consider myself qualified to program astrophysics and planetary science (formation and composition I can handle, I could make a good effort
at meteorology, but I would not be good at plate tectonics or geology).

Andrew Myers
Emails: andru@rhialto.SGI.COM
Places: Silicon Graphics Inc, Mountain View, CA
First Archived Msg: 31 Aug 88 02:53:52 GMT (UNI05)

Of Interest:
Professor in Cornell

Michael J. "Mike" O'Connor
Emails: oconnor@sccgate.scc.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 1 Sep 88 09:40:19 EDT (UNI05)

Marty Shannon
Emails: mjs@mozart.att.com, mjs%mozart@research.att.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 1 Sep 88 11:41 EDT (UNI06)

Background:
having been a Dungeon Master, and from having written a multiplayer Adventure-style game

Paul Baughman
Emails: PHB100%psuvm.bitnet@rutgers.edu
Places:  511-A  West Drive, Boalsburg, PA, 16827
First Archived Msg: Wed, 31 Aug 88 18:31 EDT (UNI06)

Of Interest:
a star system generation program based on the Traveller/MegaTraveller role-playing game.

Darren Senn
Emails: sinster%ucscb.UCSC.EDU@ucscc.ucsc.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 1 Sep 88 19:14:39 PDT (UNI06)

Edwin King
Emails: cblpn!elk@cbnews.att.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Fri, 2 Sep 88 10:29:47 EDT (UNI06)

Ralph Wirthlin
Emails: wirthlin%uvm.csnet@RELAY.CS.NET
Places:
First Archived Msg: Fri, 2 Sep 88 09:09:01 EDT (UNI07)


Brian Bowers
Emails: cs2551af@charon.unm.edu
Places: University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM
First Archived Msg: Fri, 2 Sep 88 14:03:06 MDT (UNI07)

Background:
I joined the mailing list to gain some ideas for the generation of maps, primarily for fantasy gaming.  By seeing what other people think, and commenting on
it, I get a better picture of what I think.  This mailing list serves me as a place to put forward my (feeble) theories, and then get some response, letting
me know where I need to strengthen my knowledge.  I have an admittedly weak background in anything to do with this list, but I don't expect to make some
ground-breaking discovery.  (One course in Anthropology, some elementary school experience with predicting the weather, and an interest in the way things work).

	When Jim posted his list of people interested in certain sub-groups, he listed me in the climatology discussion.  While I am interested in that, I am
slightly more interested in the discussion of the rise and fall of nations, beginning from 'hunter-gatherers.'  In a world with magic, what would the
ramifications of a single spell be on a tribe of hunter-gatherers. (Low level of course.  Imagine a caveman with fireball capabilities:
	Caveman 1:  We need a fire.
	Caveman 2:  Yeah.  But how.
    Fireball Caveman :  Guys, watch this.
	Fireball :  Whoosh.
    Charred Caveman 1:  Maybe a fire wasn't such a good idea.
    Charred Caveman 2:  Yeah, and HOW!!)


Edwin Wiles
Emails: netxcom!ewiles@uunet.uu.net
Places:
First Archived Msg: Sat, 3 Sep 88 1:24:58 EDT (UNI07)

Matt Burdick
Emails: burdick@hpindda.HP.COM, burdick%hpda@hplabs.hp.com
Places: HP Information Networks, Cupertino, CA
First Archived Msg: 1 Sep 88 03:29:44 GMT (UNI08)

Of Interest:
The Matt Burdick who wrote starform.
'Nuff Said.

David Bedno
Emails: davidbe@sco.COM
Places: The Santa Cruz Operation, Inc.
First Archived Msg: 31 Aug 88 15:51:07 GMT (UNI08)

Kyle Brazell
Emails: brazell@a.cs.okstate.edu
Places: Oklahoma State Univ., Stillwater
First Archived Msg: 31 Aug 88 20:29:35 GMT (UNI08)

Tom Granvold
Emails: tom@garth.UUCP
Places: INTERGRAPH (APD) -- Palo Alto, CA
First Archived Msg: 1 Sep 88 18:23:14 GMT (UNI08)

Bart Schaefer
Emails: barts@tekcrl.CRL.TEK.COM
Places: Tektronix, Inc., Beaverton,  OR.
First Archived Msg: 2 Sep 88 21:48:25 GMT (UNI08)

RedShift
Emails: cc1@valhalla.cs.ucla.edu
Places: UCLA Computer Club
First Archived Msg:  5 Sep 88 06:57:11 GMT (UNI08)

Sanche Sturtevant
Emails: sanche@reed.UUCP
Places: Reed College, Portland OR
First Archived Msg: 6 Sep 88 02:45:22 GMT (UNI08)

Bryan McDonald
Emails: ccdbryan@ucdavis.ucdavis.edu
Places: Reed University of California, Davis
First Archived Msg:  3 Sep 88 18:39:18 GMT (UNI09)

Andy Sheppard
Emails: convex!sheppard@uunet.uu.net
Places: Convex Computer Corporation
First Archived Msg:  Wed, 7 Sep 88 11:50:45 CDT (UNI09)

Of Interest:
system generation program

Alan Whitehurst
Emails: alan@argon.csl.sri.com
Places: SRI International, 333 Ravenswood Ave, Menlo Park, CA 94025
First Archived Msg: Wed, 7 Sep 88 15:02:45 PDT (UNI09)

Background:
I am really not that interested in the astrnomical side of things; my interests are more in the area of planetary development (tectonics, fractal surfaces,
climatology, and geopolitics.


Seth Gordon
Emails: sethg@ATHENA.MIT.EDU
Places: Thoughtcrime Associates: Miniluv Rm 101, London, Oceania
First Archived Msg: Wed, 7 Sep 88 19:32:29 EDT (UNI09)

Background:
Many, many moons ago, I was a DM for an AD&D game for a couple years, leading two or three friends through overpriced TSR modules and a few crude dungeons
of my own design.  (You know, the good old-fashioned monster hotels.)  We all enjoyed it, but ever since then, I haven't had the Copious Free Time to run
another campaign.

I would like, someday, to run an FRPG campaign (not D&D, possibly Fantasy Hero), with a heavy emphasis on role-playing and frequent city or political
adventures.  Because I'm a perfectionist, I want to have a lot of the geographical, cultural, and political context in place before dropping in the characters.

So, my interests are, in rough order of importance:

The effects of occasional magic on all the below topics.
Economics, from the international to village levels.
Structures
How game countries would maneuver against each other, or get caught in the middle.
Geography with plate tectonics.
City design (geography, economics, government, culture...).
Meteorology.
Designing an interesting game astrology system.
Anything else on a planetary scale or smaller.

I won't have time for contributing much, especially in the way of real programs, but I might be able to provide an occasional reference or speculation to
someone else's publications.


Elliot Wilen
Emails: 8hum190@violet.Berkeley.EDU
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 7 Sep 88 19:32:29 EDT (UNI09)

Background:
I'm mainly interesting in reading/contributing to discussions about development of nations and political units, although, frankly, I doubt that such things
can be effectively automated at this point.

Wade Evans
Emails: therat%ucscb.UCSC.EDU@ucscc.UCSC.EDU
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 7 Sep 88 19:32:29 EDT (UNI09)

Josh Siegel
Emails: siegel@hc.dspo.gov
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 8 Sep 88 13:26:01 MDT (UNI10)

Of Interest:
Runner of FTP archive
I seem to have sucessfully contacted everybody on the Universal imulations Mailing List.  If you wish to mail to everybody, mailing to usml@hc.dspo.gov get
will it passed on.

Bruce Stephens
Emails: bruces@marque.mu.edu
Places: University of Bristol, UK.
First Archived Msg: 7 Sep 88 19:30:53 GMT (UNI10)

Tom Ellis
Emails: ellis@csd4.milw.wisc.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 8 Sep 88 17:30:04 EDT (UNI10)

Alan W. Kerr
Emails: awksnsr@titan.nmt.edu, awksnsr@nmtsun.nmt.edu
Places: New Mexico Tech, Socorro NM
First Archived Msg: Thu, 8 Sep 88 08:53:42 MDT (UNI10)

Claude Farmer
Emails: cwf@nascom.UUCP
Places: National Advanced Systems,  Atlanta, Ga.
First Archived Msg: Thu, 8 Sep 88 20:09:42 GMT(UNI11)

Background:
planning on using all the information I gather here in computerizing a Traveller Universe, I would appreciate if anyone on the mailing list with PD code for
planetary, stellar generation, dust density, moon systems and other miscellaneous information would mail it to me.

Of Interest:
pretty certain he has a linkedIn Profile.

Scott Bauer
Emails: sbauer@cup.portal.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 8 Sep 88 22:28:24 PDT(UNI11)

Of Interest:
back issues of ALARUMS & EXCURSIONS ...  a couple of years ago one of its contributors was discussing
a planetary generation program that he was working on. From what I recall of the discussion he had gotten at some of it running on a PC. [The name
of the writer is Steve Gilham. ... if you're interested you might try the snails -- 23 Trinity Close, Haslingfield, Cambs, CB3 7LS, UK. From my dim memories
his work was based on Dole, though updated with his own work/study in astro-physics.]

Eric Haines who is not John Saponara
Emails: saponara@batcomputer.tn.cornell.edu
Places: Cornell Theory Center, Cornell University, Ithaca NY
First Archived Msg: Thu, 9 Sep 88 13:26:25 GMT(UNI11)

Of Interest:
"Standard Procedural Database" package is a set of 6 database generators, including the recursive tetrahedron, a fractal mountain, and a tree grower.  For
images produced by the databases and more information on the concept, see the article in IEEE Computer Graphics & Applications,  November 1987, p. 3-5.

Larry Smith
Emails: lsmith@apollo1.UUCP
Places:
First Archived Msg: Tue, 13 Sep 88 14:54:16 EDT (UNI12)

Background:
My own work lies in the fractal area, but I have been unhappy with it.  I had not thought of the plate tectonics idea, and I find that most exciting -
especially since it also helps with climate and the like, which fractals do not.  I intend to work on that, when I get some spare time (early next year, maybe).

Other interests of mine include non-normal worlds.  Tectonics would be great for planetary terrain in SF, but it is limiting in Fantasy.  Think of Diskworld
 from Pratchett's "The Light Fantastic", for example.  One of my fantasy worlds (in a manual game) was a vast plain that stretched for infinity in every
 direction.  It had no plate tectonics, and was essentially static, although similar in detail to a "normal" landscape (this universe was based on certain
 medieval concepts of Earth, "logicalized" into a playable gamescape. Its internal logic permitted such flights of fantasy as flying up to the sun (which was a
ball of fire a few hundred feet in diameter) and examining it - even at night when it was "out"!)

For these, fractals offer the only real hope, I think, though I am unhappy with most of the algorithms I have.  Generating the surface (and seas) is
relatively easy - translating THAT into stands of trees, plains, etc. (ie FEATURES of terrain) is not.

How does EMPIRE do it?  I have never seen a listing of that game, but it seems to generate some plausible-looking maps.

Yaj
Emails: yaj@Ford-wdl1.ARPA
Places:
First Archived Msg: Tue, 13 Sep 88 13:37:52 PDT (UNI12)

Paul (the other one)
Emails: py_pad@ux63.bath.ac.uk
Places: University of Bath, England
First Archived Msg: 12 Sep 88 10:55:43 GMT (UNI12)

Richard Kurschner
Emails: richk%wyvern.cax.tek.com@RELAY.CS.NET
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 14 Sep 88 08:58:39 PDTT (UNI13)

Background:
I'm a software engineer interested in Fantasy Role-playing games.  Although most of the areas discussed so far are of interest, my reason for joining the
mailing list is to discover more about climate generation.  (My world already has a map and it's local space is not important)  I will be taking a class
this fall on weather and climate, so in the future I may be able to contribute something.

Something that would be useful to me, although I can't imagine how it could be done, would be a history generator.  It seems most fantasy worlds have thousands
of years history behind them.  That is a lot of time to account for by hand! (Science fiction worlds tend to have short histories:  Planet colonized in year
x, resources heavily exploted since then, rebels now trying to take over. 1/2 ;-) )  Perhaps a standard random event generator could be used, but something
tells me that the events wouldn't "hang together" as well as "real history" does.  Any suggestions, ideas?

Finally, what exactly is "geopolitics"?  The generation of policical boundaries based on geography?

Judy "Ginger" Edighoffer
Emails: excelan!ginger@sun.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Tue, 13 Sep 88 14:24:26 pdt (UNI13)

Background:
  My background is computer science.  A couple of years ago, I spent a lot of time skimming a wide a variety of books related to hand-crafts and technologies
up through the Middle Ages.  I took notes and have collated many of them to generate rules-of-thumb for such things as crop yields, livestock sizes, food &
pasture needs, and butchered-weight, vehicle & pack animal abilities, prices (in terms of bushels of barley), population densities, ...  I also have several
books discussing the interrelationships between animal sizes, locomotive speeds, capacity for metabolic work, life-span, ....  None of this information is on
 line, but I would be willing to type in some of it from time to time.

  I am interested in learning terrain generating techniques, the abilities of lifeforms under various atmospheric and gravity conditions, how to pick
  plausible climates under assorted world-parameters, and guidelines for picking internally-consistent (plausible) societies.

Brian Kahn
Emails: orawest!ore!brian@unix.sri.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 14 Sep 88 15:15:44 PDT (UNI13)

Background:
I joined this mailing list to gain concepts and techniques for planetary development, partly for intellectual stimulation and partly for use in fantasy and
scifi role playing games.  I am most interested in map making, determination of weather patterns in generated continents, and the effects of geography and
climate on cultures at various levels of technology.

I don't think I bring much to the party except for a scifi fan world view and computer sophistry, which I think all members of the mailing list share. I
can't keep up with some of the fancy tech talk on fractals and climatology, but I am interested anyway.

Wes Craig
Emails: wes@chianti.cc.umich.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 14 Sep 88 19:18:53 EDT (UNI13)

Background:
I'm a programmer for the University of Michigan with a sweet tooth for games of various natures. Like a large number of respondees have said so far, I have
simulated any universes lately, but I am very interested. What I do know about, is distributed computing, gaming theory, and AI. I'm not sure how to go about
 computing the characteristics of a third generation star, but if someone is, I can program it and make it work in a network of computers. Also, the life
 developement interests me, but so far I've not seen anything about extra-human developement. To wit, we haven't seen anything that might describe a
 non-omnivore/herbivore intelligence.

Jonathan Kiparsky
Emails: wes@chianti.cc.umich.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 14 Sep 88 17:52:56 PDT (UNI13)

Background:
I'm interested primarily in the results of all this, since I don't know too much about geology and such. I'm also interested from a programming angle, but
you won't see much out of me.

Tom Hill
Emails: late@sun.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Wed, 14 Sep 88 20:25:49 PDT (UNI13)

Background:
My primary goal is to develop a simulated world that a person/player can walk through and SEE. the person should not be constrained to walk only in the
direction the game designer had planned, following a narrow well defined path through a nebulous world.

To achieve this you need to be able to generate topography and plant life.  From topography comes a need for (probably) tectonics, weather patterns, erosion
and probably more. Plant life requires climate, soil conditions, insect life. Climate & erosion depend on plant life. You probably could  make a really
twisted dependency graph out of just the first two dozen factors...

Since I'd like to get something running in my current incarnation, I'm probably interested in focusing on the basic geography & climate. Let's say aiming for
 for a program which will provide topographical maps, (including placing bodies of water), temperature & rainfall information.

If we have someone around with an interest in Grand Designs, an overall structure for all of the various pieces that people are interested in building
might be very useful. The general idea being that a topography and climate system could be designed to accept as input certain parameters from a solar system
 gereration routine, and pass on its information as output to somone interested in plant life (Several steps down the pipe come sociology and civilization -
 that's the HARD stuff.)

My background is in computer science, science fiction and role-playing games. I'd like to find a way to combine the three...

Walter Milliken
Emails: milliken@oak.bbn.com
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 15 Sep 88 11:37 EDT (UNI14)

Background:
I'm mostly interested in using this stuff for generating worlds for SFRP and FRP games.  My primary interest is in map and climate generation, since I'd
rather do the life and history parts by hand.

I have a strong interest in astronomy, and a moderate amount of knowledge in all the earth sciences, although I'm certainly not an expert in any of them.
Some of the material in the universe-generation section of GURPS Space came from me, especially the tables relating to star generation.  (There are a couple
minor flaws in these that were too picky to fix, BTW -- sometime I'll try to get around to posting the correct info here.)

My background is mostly in computer software/hardware, generally  concentrating on system tools.  I'm now working on graphical debugging/monitoring
techniques.  I have access to some fairly powerful parallel machines here at BBN ACI (a 32- and a 128-processor GP1000), so I can handle running some real
piggy programs, if they're C-Unix  compatible and can be parallellized relatively easily.  I'm especially interested in the planet formation simulations and
the terrain generation algorithms.  Unfortunately, I don't have the time right now to do much significant hacking on all this.

Joel M. Rives
Emails: joel@dragon.gatech.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 15 Sep 88 10:17:35 -0400 (UNI14)

Mark Abbott
Emails: abbott%dean.Berkeley.EDU@berkeley.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 15 Sep 88 10:16:20 PDT (UNI14)

Todd/Dr. Nethack
Emails: todd@crunch.unm.edu
Places:
First Archived Msg: Thu, 15 Sep 88 11:33:34 MDT (UNI14)


Stephen Pearl
pearl@aramis.rutgers.edu

Mark Stevans
spar!navtech!mark@decwrl.dec.com

Don Redick
dredick@vax.bbn.com

John Robert Leavitt
jl3j@andrew.cmu.edu


Steve Dang
owner of the USML archives page on geocities. student/graduate/alumni? of California Polytechnic State University or CalPoly. Seems to have stumbled upon the
mailing list after it disbanded. His page has a partial? archive of the mailing list.

Bare in mind I have no real measure of how long USML existed for currently.

